Add example for `supportedEcdsaKeyTypes` in `README.md`. (#13)
w3c/vc-test-suite-implementations: README.md

* `ecdsa-rdfc-2019` or `ecdsa-sd-2023` - These tags will run the
[VC Data Integrity ECDSA Test Suite](https://github.com/w3c/vc-di-ecdsa-test-suite)
on your issuer and verifier endpoints.
  * Alongside this cryptosuite tag, you must also specify the
  `supportedEcdsaKeyTypes` property listing the ECDSA key types that your
  implementation issues or can verify. Currently, the test suite supports
  `P-256` and `P-384` ECDSA key types.

>   Example:
>   You can specify the key types supported by your implementation in the issuer
>   and verifier configs like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can specify the key types supported by your implementation in the issuer
  and verifier configs as shown in this example:
```
